=DokuWiki Note plugin

A plugin for DokuWiki which allows users to easily insert four kinds of notes into the wiki pages.

==Authors

The plugin has been initially written by Olivier Cortéz based on the work of Stephane Chamberland <stephane.chamberland@ec.gc.ca> (Side Notes PlugIn) and Carl-Christian Salvesen <calle@ioslo.net> (Graphviz plugin). After the initial release Olivier maintained it while he integrated several patches provided by the DokuWiki-community. Somewhere between the end of 2008 and the beginning of 2009 Olivier became too busy with other (real-life) activities and occupations that active development and support for the plugin halted. On 2009/06/15 Aurélien Bompard decided, after contacting Olivier Cortéz about it, to (temporarily) take-over maintenance of the plugin and provide support for it. On the same date Mischa The Evil opened a GitHub-repository for the plugin to make it a "real" community plugin. On the 16th a first re-packaged (community-)release has been made available which enhanced the plugins documentation, licensing etc.)..

==Requirements

The plugin works with DokuWiki 2006-03-09 upto DokuWiki 2009-02-14.

==Limitations

Currently this plugin has some limitations:

* Plugin won't work inside numbered lists
* Plugin won't work inside tables

==Download / Installation

1. Download the latest version of the plugin from http://github.com/MischaTheEvil/dokuwiki_note. A mirror containing the packages can be found at http://www.mediafire.com/evildev.
2. Installing the plugin:
   * You can either extract the archive into the <tt>lib/plugins</tt> directory or
   * -Load the admin page and go to Manage Plugins and enter the URL of the plugin under Download and install the new plugin.-
3. Update the Configuration Settings under the admin page.

==Usage

When you have it installed, use the following syntax:

* <tt><note>This is my note! Remember it!!</note></tt>
* <tt><note important>Warning! You're about to lose your mind!</note></tt>
* <tt><note tip>The clues are in the images.</note></tt>
* <tt><note warning>Beware of the dog when you open the door !!</note></tt>

You can use the note keywords <tt>important</tt>, <tt>warning</tt> and <tt>tip</tt>.
It is quite easy to add new types of notes if you know a bit of PHP and CSS.

==Notes

It is regularly reported that the cache needs to be cleaned after installing the plugin before the notes do showup. At least a full page-reload (CTRL-F5) is required.

==Credits

Many thanks to the following DokuWiki developers (in random order):

* Stephane Chamberland
* Carl-Christian Salvesen
* Eric Hameleers
* Christopher Smith
* Chris Lale
* Pixote
* Yves Bergeron
* Taylor Jones
* Luke
* Frédéric
* Kmosak
* foosel
* zerohalo

==Changelog

* 2009-07-26 (fix by Benat Dagorret)
  * Defect: Fixed XHTML validation
  * Task: Improved and structured licensing and attributions into README with CHANGELOG
  * Task: Improved CHANGELOG based on info coming from, now cleaned, inline-comments in syntax.php

* 2009-06-16 (same as 2009-06-15 re-packaged by Mischa The Evil <mischa_the_evil [at] hotmail [dot] com>)
  * Task: Removed obsolete files from the package
  * Task: Added README with CHANGELOG
  * Task: Added GNU GPL v2 license
  * Task: Fixed file-permissions (only relevant for zip-packages)

* 2009-06-15 (fixes by Aurélien Bompard <aurelien [at] bompard [dot] org>)
  * Defect: Fixed a defect in the ODT renderer
  * Feature: Added toolbar buttons for the notes.

* 2008-02-17 (patches by Aurélien Bompard <aurelien [at] bompard [dot] org>)
  * Feature: Added support for ODT-export

* 2006-03-29 (patches by Eric Hameleers <alien [at] slackware [dot] com> and Christopher Smith <chris [at] jalakai [dot] co [dot] uk>)
  * Feature: Allow note nesting
  * Defect Fixed the trimmed space problem:
    * use <div> instead of <table>
    * contain the images and stylesheet inside the plugin
  * Defect: Fixed the issue with protected modes (e.g. <tt><code></tt> & <tt><file></tt>) not being allowed within notes
  * Defect: Fixed the security vulnerability which could allow malicious HTML or JavaScript to infiltrate your wiki
  * Feature: Made note types case independent (e.g. <tt>important</tt>, <tt>IMPORTANT</tt> & <tt>Important</tt> will all given an "important" note)
  * Feature: Improved:
    * code efficiency
    * code reading
    * conformance to DokuWiki's changes in plugin classes

* 2005-10-13
  * Initial release by Olivier Cortéz (<olive [at] deep-ocean [dot] net>)

==License

This plugin is open-source and licensed under the GNU GPL v.2. See the bundled GPL.txt file for more information.
